Update use br command line tool (#5478)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

You can refer to the [AWS Official Document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/create-bucket.html) to create an S3 `Bucket` in the specified `Region`. You can also refer to another [AWS Official Document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/create-folder.html) to create a `Folder` in the `Bucket`.

> **Note:**
>

> > To complete one backup, tikv and BR usually require the minimum privileges `s3:ListBucket`,`s3:PutObject` and `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To complete one backup, TiKV and BR usually require the minimum privileges of `s3:ListBucket`, `s3:PutObject`, and `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`.
```

If you restore data from the Amazon S3 backend, instead of `local` storage, you need to specify the S3 storage path in the `storage` sub-command, and allow the BR node and the TiKV node to access Amazon S3.

> **Note:**
>

> > To complete one restoration, tikv and BR usually require the minimum privileges `s3:ListBucket` and `s3:GetObject`.

Reviewer: `restore` is usually used as a noun in database documentation.
```suggestion
> To complete one restore, TiKV and BR usually require the minimum privileges of `s3:ListBucket` and `s3:GetObject`.
```
